Remove outdated information from contributing file (#10749)
mattermost/mattermost-server: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Code Contribution Guidelines

> Thank you for your interest in contributing! Please see the [Mattermost Contribution Guide](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/) which describes the process for making code contributions across Mattermost projects and [join our "Contributors" community channel](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/tickets) to ask questions from community members and the Mattermost core team.

Reviewer: Propose adding 

```
When you submit a pull request, it goes through a [code review process outlined here](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/code-review/). We aim to start reviewing pull requests in this repo the week they are submitted, but the length of time to complete the process will vary depending on the pull request.
```

in a second paragraph.

# Code Contribution Guidelines

Thank you for your interest in contributing! Please see the [Mattermost Contribution Guide](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/) which describes the process for making code contributions across Mattermost projects and [join our "Contributors" community channel](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/tickets) to ask questions from community members and the Mattermost core team.

> When you submit a pull request, it goes through a [code review process outlined here](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/code-review/). We aim to start reviewing pull requests the week they are submitted, but the length of time to complete the process will vary depending on the pull request.

Reviewer 2: nit: "The week they are submitted" implies we try to review things submitted on Friday the same day. Might suggest simplifying to the following, and letting the code-review documentation be authoritative:

```suggestion
When you submit a pull request, it goes through a [code review process outlined here](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/code-review/). The length of time to complete the process will vary depending on the pull request.
```

Author: I would like to give contributors a rough idea when they can expect a review. What do you think about?

```suggestion
When you submit a pull request, it goes through a [code review process outlined here](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/code-review/). We aim to start reviewing pull requests within a week, but the length of time to complete the process will vary depending on the pull request.
```

Reviewer 2: Should we encourage a contributor to stay on this page and not read about our code review process? I'm wondering if we'd be better off leaving them without this information to force the click-through.

Author: I like that reasoning. But using this force, I would remove the information about the review length entirely.
```suggestion
When you submit a pull request, it goes through a [code review process outlined here](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/code-review/).
```

Reviewer 2: I'm in favour of that 👍
